remoteva: Separate TLS client and server configs (#7473)
letsencrypt/boulder: docs/multi-va.md

primary validation). Of course this is a development environment so both the
primary and remote VAs are all running on one host.

> The primary and remote VAs are partially separate pieces of software, the `boulder-va`
> service ([cmd here](https://github.com/letsencrypt/boulder/tree/main/cmd/boulder-va) and `remoteva` service ([cmd here](https://github.com/letsencrypt/boulder/tree/main/cmd/remoteva)) share the same underlying [package here](https://github.com/letsencrypt/boulder/tree/main/va)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `boulder-va` service ([here](https://github.com/letsencrypt/boulder/tree/main/cmd/boulder-va) and `remoteva` service ([here](https://github.com/letsencrypt/boulder/tree/main/cmd/remoteva)) are distinct pieces of software that utilize the same package ([here](https://github.com/letsencrypt/boulder/tree/main/va)).
```
